SME + Final review (#13)
OpenLiberty/draft-guide-microprofile-reactive-messaging-acknowledgement: README.adoc

== What you'll learn

> MicroProfile Reactive Messaging provides a reliable way to handle messages in reactive applications, ensuring that these
> messages are not lost, by acknowledging messages that have been delivered to the target
> server. Every message that gets sent out must be acknowledged. This ensures that any messages that have been delivered
> to the target service but not acknowledged (e.g. due to a system failure) can be sent again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MicroProfile Reactive Messaging provides a reliable way to handle messages in reactive applications, ensuring that these
messages are not lost, by requiring that messages that have been delivered to the target
server are acknowledged once they have been processed. Every message that gets sent out must be acknowledged. This ensures that any messages that have been delivered
to the target service but not processed (e.g. due to a system failure) can be identified and sent again.
```

I think this gives a better explanation of what acknowledgement is for and how it works.

by the `@Acknowledgment` annotation in MicroProfile Reactive Messaging. If the `@Acknowledgement`
annotation is not defined explicitly, the default acknowledgement strategy applies, and depends on the method signature.
Only methods that receive incoming messages and are annotated with `@Incoming` need to acknowledge messages, methods
that are only annotated with `@Outgoing` do not need to worry about acknowledging messages since no messages are being
received, and the MicroProfile Reactive Messaging acknowledgement requirement is that every message _received_ is acknowledged.

Based on the method signature, almost all of the methods in this application that require acknowledging messages are assigned
the `POST_PROCESSING` strategy by default. If the
acknowledgement strategy is set to `POST_PROCESSING`, MicroProfile Reactive Messaging acknowledges the message
depending on if the annotated method emits data:

    - If the method emits data, the incoming message is acknowledged once the outgoing message is acknowledged.
    - If the method does not emit data, the incoming message is acknowledged once the method or processing completes.

> This is important since the `POST_PROCESSING` strategy fulfils the requirement that messages shouldn't be acknowledged

Reviewer: I don't think it's clear what you're saying is important here.

Maybe something like "It's important to know which acknowledgement strategy your methods are using. The `POST_PROCESSING` strategy fulfils..."

Or "It's important that the methods use the `POST_PROCESSING` strategy because it fulfils..."

Ensure that you are in the `start` directory.

Update the `SystemService` class to use the `MANUAL` acknowledgement strategy, which fits the method processing

> requirements better than the default `POST_PROCESSING` strategy.

Reviewer: The default for this method signature is `PRE_PROCESSING`

[role="code_command hotspot file=0", subs="quotes"]
----
#Replace the `SystemService` class.#
`system/src/main/java/io/openliberty/guides/system/SystemService.java`
----

The [hotspot=sendProperty file=0]`sendProperty` method is annotated with the
[hotspot=ackAnnotation file=0]`@Acknowledgment(Acknowledgment.Strategy.MANUAL)`
annotation, and therefore must manually acknowledge the message. Only incoming messages can be acknowledged, so the method
expects an incoming message. The method parameter is updated to receive a [hotspot=methodSignature file=0]`Message` of

> type `String`, instead of just a string, to enable acknowledgement. Then, the message

Reviewer: It's actually both the parameter and the return type which are updated to use `Message`.
